what is the origin of COVID-19
how does the coronavirus respond to changes in the weather
will SARS-CoV2 infected people develop immunity? Is cross protection possible?
what causes death from Covid-19?
what drugs have been active against SARS-CoV or SARS-CoV-2 in animal studies?
what types of rapid testing for Covid-19 have been developed?
are there serological tests that detect antibodies to coronavirus?
how has lack of testing availability led to underreporting of true incidence of Covid-19?
how has COVID-19 affected Canada
has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19?
what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus?
what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine?
what are the transmission routes of coronavirus?
what evidence is there related to COVID-19 super spreaders
how long can the coronavirus live outside the body
how long does coronavirus remain stable  on surfaces?
are there any clinical trials available for the coronavirus
what are the best masks for preventing infection by Covid-19?
what type of hand sanitizer is needed to destroy Covid-19?
are patients taking Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACE) at increased risk for COVID-19?
what are the mortality rates overall and in specific populations
are cardiac complications likely in patients with COVID-19?
what kinds of complications related to COVID-19 are associated with hypertension?
what kinds of complications related to COVID-19 are associated with diabetes
which biomarkers predict the severe clinical course of 2019-nCOV infection?
what are the initial symptoms of Covid-19?
what is known about those infected with Covid-19 but are asymptomatic?
what evidence is there for the value of hydroxychloroquine in treating Covid-19?
which SARS-CoV-2 proteins-human proteins interactions indicate potential for drug targets. Are there approved drugs that can be repurposed based on this information?
is remdesivir an effective treatment for COVID-19
How does the coronavirus differ from seasonal flu?
Does SARS-CoV-2 have any subtypes, and if so what are they?
What vaccine candidates are being tested for Covid-19?
What are the longer-term complications of those who recover from COVID-19?
What new public datasets are available related to COVID-19?
What is the protein structure of the SARS-CoV-2 spike?
What is the result of phylogenetic analysis of SARS-CoV-2 genome sequence?
What is the mechanism of inflammatory response and pathogenesis of COVID-19 cases?
What is the mechanism of cytokine storm syndrome on the COVID-19?
What are the observed mutations in the SARS-CoV-2 genome and how often do the mutations occur?
